 HOW TO CREATE CHOCOLATE BROWNIES? (contains eggs)

To create CHOCOLATE BROWNIES, you will need the following ingridients:


1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2/3 cup cocoa powder, sifted if lumpsy
1/2 cup powdered sugar, sifted if lumpy
1/2 cup dark chocolate chips
3/4 teaspoons sea salt
2 large eggs
1/2 cup canola oil or extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons water
1/2 teaspoon vanilla

If the ingridients are ready, go to the recipe.md file to start cooking!          
                                    LET'S BEGIN!


To create awesome chocolate Brownies:

 -> You have the following ingridients.
 -> You have the instructions down below! 

                      LET'S START COOKING!

 => First, mix together the dry and wet ingredients in two separate bowls. Combine the sugar, flour, powdered sugar, cocoa powder, chocolate chips, and salt in a medium bowl. Then, whisk together the eggs, olive oil, and water in a large one.

=> Next, combine the wet and dry ingredients. Sprinkle the dry   mixture over the wet one, and fold until just combined. The batter will be thick!

=>Then, pour the batter into an 8×8 inch baking pan lined with parchment paper. Use a rubber spatula to spread it to all four sides of the pan and to smooth the top. The mixture will be very thick – that’s ok. 

=> Finally, bake! Transfer the pan to a 325-degree oven and bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until a toothpick inserted comes out with a few crumbs attached. Allow the brownies to cool completely before slicing and serving. Enjoy!


          Did you enjoy it? I hope so, but do you have any leftover batter? Well, scroll down and take a look 
          at the tip that I have left down for you so that you can save and do it again!!


THE TIP: Store the leftovers in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days. They also freeze well for up to a month. Last time I made these, I doubled the recipe and stored the second batch in the freezer. It was so fun to have them on hand for a quick and easy dessert or afternoon treat!


Some Quick Easy Tips to try when you make your Brownies:

Better chocolate chips = better brownies. In her book, Michelle writes that one of the biggest secrets to making great brownies is using large, good-quality chocolate chips. She recommends Ghiradelli’s 60% Cacao Bittersweet Baking Chips, while I love Enjoy Life’s Dark Chocolate Morsels. Either brand would fantastic in this recipe!

It’s better to pull them out too early than to leave them in too long. No one likes dry brownies, so err on the side of caution when you’re making this recipe. Bake them until a toothpick inserted comes out with just a few crumbs attached. If you’re on the fence, go ahead and take them out of the oven. They’ll continue to firm up as they cool!

Wait for them to cool. Try your best to resist eating these guys straight out of the oven. Letting them cool makes them gooier and fudgier, and they’ll be less likely to crumble when you slice them. Plus, they’ll have an even richer chocolate flavor. Trust me, it’s worth the wait!



 TRY THESE MOST-TRIED RECIPIES TO ENHANCE AND FALL IN LOVE WITH BAKING: (They're Healthy BY THE WAY!!) 

Perfect Oatmeal Cookies
Easy Sugar Cookies
No-Bake Cookies
Choco Chip Cookies
Best Peanut Butter Cookies
Orange Zest Shortbread Cookies
Red-Velvet Cake
Oreo-Cake
Strawberry Cake
30 Min Pizza
2 Min Mug Pizza
Mug Recipies
Pancakes coated with Maple Syrup (Tips for soft, fluffy pancakes)

and More....!




            IT'S TIME TO LEAVE.. I'LL BE BACK ON MORE DELICIOUS TREATS AND TIPS SO THAT YOU CAN ENJOY EATING TREATS THE REST OF YOUR LIVES!!
                  BYE..:)